{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red255\green255\blue255;\red175\green180\blue186;
\red24\green25\blue27;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6275\c6275\c6275;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c74118\c75686\c77647;
\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi all! We\'92re hosting a joint b-day party and you\'92re invited!\
\
Time: Saturday July 30th at 7:00pm.\
Location: 550 Noble Rd, Quathiaski Cove (Quadra Island)\
\
Party is fruit-themed! Do what you want with this (dressing up is encouraged!)\
\
There will be some snacks provided but really not much so bring food if you want it. \
\
Bring your own booze - we\'92ll supply some fruit juices for mixin\'92 so if you want a fruity cocktail bring liquor! No guarantees on how long that will last though.\
\
If you want to stay over bring a tent! If you don\'92t there will probably be floor or bed space inside. \
\
Please don\'92t come if you\'92re sick!\
\
Plus ones are okay just let us know who and how many before you invite them.\
\
Just remember,\
\
\'93
\f1\fs53\fsmilli26667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Time flies like an arrow - but fruit flies like a banana.\'94\
-
\f2\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Sir Michael Terence Wogan\
\'93
\f1\fs53\fsmilli26667 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 To me, breakfast is my most important meal. It's often the meal you play a game on. I make sure I have oatmeal, milk, and fruit. It's the fuel you use to hopefully do your best, so eating right is a big part of being a professional athlete. I wish I paid more attention to it earlier in my life.\'94\
-Zale Davis\
\
Can\'92t wait to see you all! If any questions reach out to either of us.\
\
Zale & Shelby\
\
\
}